# Project start

## :trophy: A1.0 Learning Activity

Elaboration of the project charter

### :blue_book: Instructions

- According to the information presented by the consultant regarding the subject, and based on the case study, create the project charter based on the example [document of the project's constitution](../artefactos/ActaConstitución_delProyecto_Rev3.0.pdf) indicated by the consultant
- Every activity or challenge must be done using the **MarkDown style with .md** extension and the VSCode development environment, and must be elaborated as a **single page** document, that is to say, if the document has images, links or any external document it must be accessed from tags and links.
- It is required that the .md file contains a link tag to the repository of your document on Github, for example **Link to my GitHub**.
- At the end of the challenge the created .md file must be uploaded to github.
- From the **.md** file a **.pdf** file with the **A1 nomenclature must be exported0_NombredelaActividad_NombreAlumno.pdf**, which must be uploaded to the classroom in its corresponding section, to serve as evidence of its delivery; being this **official** platform, here you will receive the grade of your individual activity.
- Considering that the .pdf file was obtained from the .md file, both must be identical and show the same content.
- Your repository, besides having a **readme**.md file in its root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, must have a contents section or index, which are actually links or **links to your .md** documents, _avoid using text_ to indicate internal or external links.
- The proposed structure is as shown below, but you can use any other structure to help you organize your repository.

```
| readme.md
| | blog
| | | Cx.1_NameofActivity.md
| | | Ax.1_NameofActivity.md
| | diagrams
| | docs
| | html
| | img
| | pdf    
```
___

## :pencil2: Development

1. Prepare the document attached in the instructions regarding the articles of incorporation.
2. Enter the data indicated in each of the sections of the articles of incorporation for the case study.

___

### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria     | Description                                                                                  | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Each of the points indicated in the section "The company complies with each one of the following points Instructions?            | 10      |  
| Development    | Each of the points requested in the development of the activity was answered.?     | 60      |
| Demonstration  | The student introduces himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity.?            | 20      |
| Conclusions  | A personal opinion of the activity is included for each team member.? | 10      |


:house: [Link Renteria Sanchez Hector Ivan](https://github.com/IvanRenteria/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)

:house: [Link Rodríguez Báez Vanessa Marlenne](https://github.com/vanessamRodriguez/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)

:house: [Link Soria Márquez Guillermo](https://github.com/GuillermoSoria97/Analisis_Avanzado_de_Software)

:house: [Link Villanueva Mercado Daniel Alejandro](https://github.com/Dany305/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)