# Project start

## :trophy: A3.2 Classroom challenge

Start phase of the SCRUM framework for the case study.

### :blue_book: Instructions

- Based on research and the document provided by the consultant, perform project documentation using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity must be carried out using a platform such as **Notion**, or **Confluence**, and must be sent in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature **A3.2_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf.**.
- Your repository, in addition to having a **readme**.md file in its root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, must have a contents section or index.


### :pencil2: Development

1. Join your work team and start preparing the following requests:
   - [x] 1.1 Create scrum board with the columns Backlog, Story, To-do, Doing, Review, Done.
   - [x] 1.2 Develop product backlog Epics.
   - [x] 1.3 Develop user stories for each epic.
   - [x] 1.4 Place each epic and user story within the scrum board.
   - [x] 1.5 Prioritize and estimate each user story using a tool.

2. Present this information during the planning meeting, making use of visual and graphic tools, which can be through any online platform.

3. Place in this section evidence that shows that you came together to develop the activity as a team.

## Conclusions 
*  **Renteria Sanchez Hector Ivan:** 
*  **Rodríguez Báez Vanessa Marlenne:** 
*  **Soria Márquez Guillermo:** 
*  **Villanueva Mercado Daniel Alejandro:** 


### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria     | Description                                                                                  | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Each of the points indicated in the section "The company complies with each one of the following points Instructions?            | 10      |  
| Development    | Each of the points requested in the development of the activity was answered.?     | 60      |
| Demonstration  | The student introduces himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity.?            | 20      |
| Conclusions  | A personal opinion of the activity is included for each team member.? | 10      |

:house: [Link Renteria Sanchez Hector Ivan](https://github.com/IvanRenteria/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)

:house: [Link Rodríguez Báez Vanessa Marlenne](https://github.com/vanessamRodriguez/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)

:house: [Link Soria Márquez Guillermo](https://github.com/GuillermoSoria97/Analisis_Avanzado_de_Software)

:house: [Link Villanueva Mercado Daniel Alejandro](https://github.com/Dany305/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)